There is one special feature in the portamento.
It is the main theme of folk songs and dramatic folk songs.
In particular, it is the case that the wave lines are turned upward or downward between the notes.
It is a portamento that swings the voice down or up.
Now, it is being performed in my work, Kaya no Mi.
Kaya no Mi
I picked up the pears in the field
The pears, pears, pears
The pears, pears, pears are being hit
Kaya no Mi
Hit, hit, hit, hit
Hit the pears, hit
Kaya no Mi
The pears are being hit
The marukato is one of the features of the sound.
It is the same as the form of walking with your feet on the ground.
In addition, the marukato is one of the features of the sound.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Now, I will show you the example of the two songs in my work, Skanpo no Sakkoro.
The pears, pears, pears are being hit
We are in the school's shrine
We go back in the morning
The pears, pears, pears are being hit
The summer is coming, the summer is coming